DOC-7123 APM sweep (#3783)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apm/new-relic-apm/apdex/apdex-measure-user-satisfaction.mdx

title: 'Apdex: Measure user satisfaction'
tags:
  - APM
  - Apdex
translate:
  - jp

> metaDescription: 'New Relic uses Apdex to measure whether users are satisfied, tolerating, or dissatisfied with your app's response time.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
metaDescription: New Relic uses Apdex to measure whether users are satisfied, tolerating, or dissatisfied with your app's response time.
```
